The first memory I have is being woken one night by my parent’s servant Sorkovnovitch. Saying nothing, he picked me up from my bed and ran with me into the halls, the only thing on me my nightgown and my pendant with the family crest, a peacock. I remember him saying things of betrayal, of murder, and the name Mecklenburg. As we ran I heard other people moving through the house, more than there should be. We only held a small staff and the scuttling I heard had to be from at least 10 or 15. As we ran, the sounds became louder and louder and I could distinctly hear male voices approaching. At the end of what seemed a dead-end hallway, Sorkovnovitch pulled a chandelier ad the walls slid open revealing a small staircase leading down. When we moved through, I heard a yell at the end of the hallway followed by a whistle. A warm liquid splattered my face as a pointed rod impaled Sorkovnovitch’s throat. He dropped me from his grasp and I tumbled down the stairs. As he fell he grabbed the hidden door, closing it and bathing us both in utter darkness. The darkness closed in around me and silence fell over the damp staircase. The only thing I heard was Sorkovnovitch’s final words: “Archie, run”.
I was 7 years old that night. I don’t know how long it took me to find the end of the hallway, but eventually the passage gave out into the muddy slopes of our keep. Covered in filth I made my way to the village and learned the truth. My parents had been killed in the night by so called “robbers”. Our northern neighbours, the Mecklenburg family, had taken control because, in their words, the only heir, me, was killed alongside them. Three bodies were buried that day and 10 scoundrels were hanged, and village life went on. I had taken my place amongst the beggars f the town. When I came into town some of the elderly lepers had recognised me hid me amongst them. They told me of what happened, and of whispers amongst the townsfolk. Never underestimate the wisdom and perception of the common folk, for they saw through the lies of the Mecklenburg’s, but none dared stand up.
Years passed, and I stayed hidden amongst the beggars. As I was presumed dead, I changed my name to Rags. All by all, live was quite all right. As a lowly beggar, our great and noble asses would not pay attention to lowly scum like me, so I could go and say as I pleased as long as I did not make to big of a fuss. I earned my pay by performing in the streets as entertainment of the masses and telling the occasional joke at the expense of the Mecklenburg’s from time to time. Nobody payed me any mind, until my big mouth yelled a bit too loud.
One faithful day, the head swine of the Mecklenburg’s reared his ugly façade in town and as it just so happened, passed by my performing spot of choice. His carriage turned into the street as I was doing my thing, and my keen eyes saw him immediately. After all these years, I saw my chance. I his carriage passed me, I yelled at him: “My lord, as a celebration of your gradeurishness, we lowly asses have made you a fresh pie, enjoy” and threw fresh horse dung through the carriage window. The horses came to a halt and the cart stopped. Silence fell over the street. Mecklenburg’s face, covered in dung, appeared out of the carriage window. His face, red with hints of brown loked at me dead on. And then, he started laughing. A wave of relief went through the street as the rest of the people joined in. “Servants!”, Mecklenburg yelled, “I like this boy’s spirit! Take him and clean him up for the banquet this evening!”
And like that, I went back to my elderly home, as a jester to my dearest nemesis Mecklenburg. I became the pupil of his court jester Smellsfarth, an elderly deformed dwarf, and I entertained many a guest with my jests and tricks. After hours I prowled through the halls of the keep, looking at what was hidden and seeing at that was forbidden. And in one of those nights, in a secret compartment behind a fireplace, I found my salvation, a letter from a mercenary captain detailing the orders to kill my parents. I made sure that letter got into the right hands ans before I knew, the Mecklenburg’s where rotting in a dungeon, and I was out of a job. So I packed my stuff and travelled the courts of nobles, entertaining and spying my way through the world, making sure the occasional corrupt lord bit the dust.
His faithfull traveling companion is Sir Loin. He acts as his muscle and has a strongman act in his show. Whenever things go south Rags can always count on him to diffuse the sittuation, most times quite agressively.
Together they form the Prancing Peacock Traveling Show, known for their daring acrobatics and amazing feats of strenght.

Recently they overreached and tried to rob the Wittelsbach family (one of the empresses cousins). This ended with them in shackles off to Krast, to be sold as slaves.
